This is the Postfix 3.8 (experimental) release.

The stable Postfix release is called postfix-3.7.x where 3=major
release number, 7=minor release number, x=patchlevel.  The stable
release never changes except for patches that address bugs or
emergencies. Patches change the patchlevel and the release date.

New features are developed in snapshot releases. These are called
postfix-3.8-yyyymmdd where yyyymmdd is the release date (yyyy=year,
mm=month, dd=day).  Patches are never issued for snapshot releases;
instead, a new snapshot is released.

The mail_release_date configuration parameter (format: yyyymmdd)
specifies the release date of a stable release or snapshot release.

If you upgrade from Postfix 3.6 or earlier, read RELEASE_NOTES-3.7
before proceeding.

License change
---------------

This software is distributed with a dual license: in addition to the
historical IBM Public License 1.0, it is now also distributed with the
more recent Eclipse Public License 2.0. Recipients can choose to take
the software under the license of their choice. Those who are more
comfortable with the IPL can continue with that license.

Incompatible changes with snapshot 20230304
===========================================

This introduces the following changes in Postfix TLS support:

- Postfix ignores "export" and "low" cipher list settings, and
  treats the "export" and "low" cipher grade settings as "medium".
  These grades are no longer supported in OpenSSL 1.1.1, the minimum
  version that Postfix requires.

- Postfix default settings now exclude the following deprecated or
  unused ciphers (SEED, IDEA, 3DES, RC2, RC4, RC5), digest (MD5),
  key exchange algorithms (DH, ECDH), and public key algorithm
  (DSS).

Incompatible changes with snapshot 20221228
===========================================

Postfix documentation and code have been converted to use "grep -E"
and "grep -F" instead of the historical forms egrep and fgrep.  To
build Postfix on a system that supports only the historical forms,
run the script auxiliary/fix-grep/fix-grep.sh to revert this change.

Incompatible changes with snapshot 20220507
===========================================

Most global/mkmap*.[hc] files have moved to the util directory;
only global/mkmap_proxy.* remains. The old file organization was
designed before support for dynamically-loadable databases was
added, and the code suffered from complexity.
